Feature/deploy script improvement (#582)
aragon/osx: DEPLOYMENT_CHECKLIST.md

# Deployment Checklist

This checklist is seen as a guide to deploy the contracts to a new chain.

## Pre deployment

- [ ] Run `yarn` in the repository root to install the dependencies.
- [ ] Run `yarn build` in `packages/contracts` to make sure the contracts compile.
- [ ] Run `yarn test` in `packages/contracts` to make sure the contract tests succeed.
  - To run the tests, edit `packages/contracts/.env` to contain:

    ```env
    HARDHAT_DAO_ENS_DOMAIN="testdao.eth"
    HARDHAT_PLUGIN_ENS_DOMAIN="testpluginrepo.eth"

    MANAGINGDAO_SUBDOMAIN="management"
    ```
- [ ] Edit `packages/contracts/networks.json` and add your custom network to which you want to deploy to.

  If contract verification is not available for your chain:

  - Ensure that the `deploy` key for the new network looks exactly like: <br>
    `"deploy": ["./deploy/new"]`

  If contract verification is available:

  - Define the `deploy` key like: <br>
    `"deploy": ["./deploy/new", "./deploy/verification"]`.

>   - Define the `ETHERSCAN_KEY` variable for contract verification on the `.env` file. [Follow the HardHat guide](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/plugins/nomicfoundation-hardhat-verify) in such case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Define the `ETHERSCAN_KEY` variable for contract verification on the `.env` file. [Follow the Hardhat guide](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/plugins/nomicfoundation-hardhat-verify) in this case.
```

    - If you created the domains via the ENS app, they will be owned by an ENS wrapper which would cause the script to fail
      - [Open the ENS app](https://app.ens.domains/) and click `unwrap` for each of these domains.
      - [Example](https://app.ens.domains/morpheusplugin3.eth?tab=more)

- [ ] If desired, update `MANAGINGDAO_SUBDOMAIN` on `packages/contracts/.env`.
  - In case you want the Managing DAO to use a different subdomain than the default one (`management`):
  ```env
  MANAGINGDAO_SUBDOMAIN="root"         # would be root.my-dao.eth
  ```
- [ ] Define the the deployment wallet's private key on the `.env` file
  ```env
  ETH_KEY="your-private-key-here"          # without the 0x prefix
  ```
- [ ] Verify that the deployment wallet has sufficient funds to complete a protocol deployment.

## Deployment

When the settings above are correctly set:

```sh
cd packages/contracts               # if needed
yarn deploy --network <NETWORK>     # Replace with mainnet, polygon, sepolia, etc
```

## Post deployment

- After the script has exited, the deployment wallet will be the only one with `ROOT_PERMISSION` on your Managing DAO.

>   - This allows the deployent wallet to manually install plugins to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - This allows the deployent wallet to manually install plugins on the Managing DAO.
```

  - After the required plugins are installed, `ROOT_PERMISSION` has to be revoked on the deployment wallet.

> - Should the script encounter any issues, the deployment should be re-run again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Should the script encounter any issues, the deployment should be re-run.
```

>   - The script would detect and re-use any already deployed contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The script will detect and re-use any previously deployed contracts.
```

- After the process completes, check out the `packages/contracts/deployed_contracts.json` file to see the deployed contract addresses.

## Other

### Rerunning the deployment script

> If you need to restart the redeployment process and want HardHat to not reuse the existing contracts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to restart the redeployment process and want Hardhat to not reuse the existing contracts:
```
